Who wrote this code name?
It can't be a coincidence.
Someone must know
I've done something for the Japanese.
Miss, Master Xi is back.
Mr. Bai Su is here too.
Uncle.
Sister.
Nini.
Why are you here?
I heard that you had a fight
in Luoyang.
I was so worried.
You're back. Everything's fine.
Uncle, how is my father now?
He's fine.
Where is the medicine?
The military doctor is here.
Over here.
24:0626.
These pills
blocked Japanese bullets with their bodies
That's why I got it.
They sacrifice themselves for justice.
They died heroically.
I didn't know until today
in this world,
is not afraid of death.
not afraid of death,
but their death
will bring hope to more people.
We will remember them.
You're right.
Military doctor.
Young Lady Zhen Zhu, what's going on?
It's Yang.
If it weren't for him,
we wouldn't have escaped from the slope.
Without him,
those vaccines wouldn't have been brought back.
He was just like those people
just like those people in Fengpo Mountain.
He didn't want to implicate you.
Fly on the boat.
Set a grave for Yang.
Brother.
Take care.
Goodbye.
He Zheng.
What's wrong?
It's cold.
Did you inject him with bacteria?
You didn't even let him go.
Are you even human?
What are you doing?
Get up.
Major!
Go after him!
Yes.
What happened?
Take the kid back to the fortress.
Let's go.
Retreat.
Hurry!
Go after him!
How is it?
All you found are vaccines.
It can only be used as anti-epidemic prevention.
There is no cure at all.
What do you mean?
These vaccines can't save the sick.
I've brought you the vaccine.
Can't you make a cure?
I can't do that.
You can't.
How can Japanese military doctors do that?
Young Lady Zhen Zhu, don't make it difficult for him.
He's just a doctor.
As your Brigade Commander said,
to help the brothers inject.
I'll send the rest to you.
Brother Xi.
Isn't this too easy for Cui Wenkui?
They're fighting demons too.
Didn’t Leader say
we should focus on the overall situation.
Brigade Commander Cui,
your attitude is not right.
First,
I didn't report to the officer.
You intercepted my soldiers.
Second, I blamed the bandits.
You should thank me.
Mr. Zhang.
We both graduated from the military academy.
Sometimes I think
if the textbooks we read
the same?
You...
Some books
on the table.
Some books are learned from their hearts.
Look at those who died in battle.
Who would remember him?
So what if I do?
As long as you and I are alive,
and drive the Japanese away,
Wouldn't the peace be ours?
Why not?
Why are you so serious?
Do you know why those swordsmen
look down on us?
Because there are too many people
in our army.
Choi Moon-Kui.
That's a dangerous idea.
Read it.
The independent Brigade Commander of Yuxi, Cui Wenkui.
The airport has been delayed.
When the army retreated,
he ignored the local bandits
and caused major losses to the 13th Army.
Considering the timely defense of the organization,
the Japanese cannot go west again.
The merits are offset and will not be pursued.
Brigade Commander Cui Wenkui's Youxi independent Brigade
will be departed to the 13th Army
and temporarily be under the command of the 16th Division.
The command of the frontline of Shanzhou
will be handed over to Division Commander Jang Gong-yeon.
Choi Moon-Kui.
I order you
to assemble troops to attack Heihu Mountain.
Mr. Zhang.
My men are on the front line. We are short-handed.
The epidemic has spread to my unit.
Some of the division were infected.
Without these vaccines,
how can I protect Shanzhou?
I know all these.
And they promised me
once the epidemic in the mountain stabilizes,
they will send the vaccine here.
You believe the bandits?
Cui Wenkui.
You're so naive.
If you dare not go,
I'll call another Brigade Commander.
The 30th military base.
Brigade Commander, what should we do?
Get the horse ready.
Go to Black Tiger Mountain.
We're really going to Black Tiger Mountain.
Bullshit.
Secret Flower, I failed just now.
The bandit Meng Shi Qi ran away.
But he was injured too.
He won't live long.
Leave him alone.
The city is in chaos now.
Let's split up.
Okay.
Defense.
Let's go.
Go after them!
Hurry!
No bullets.
Me too.
Let's go.
Go!
Retreat!
Let's go.
Brother
Twelve.
Twelve!
Hurry up. There are too many ghosts.
No.
I have to avenge my brother.
If you don't leave,
you'll die with your brothers.
I'll kill them!
Ms. Huo, go!
Let go of me!
I want to avenge my brother!
Where is he?
Major!
You bastard!
Search the city.
Don't miss any of them.
Yes, come with me.
Yes.
Colonel.
Mr. Tanihara.
I'm glad
That's great.
I didn't expect
Huo Lang would defy us here.
I was caught off guard.
You know what?
The Plateau was destroyed by our firecrackers.
But we didn't see any enemy's body at the scene.
I made a mistake.
I got some news.
It's not bad.
Really?
Yuxi independent Brigade
has been temporarily assigned to Division 16.
Division Commander is Zhang Gong Yan.
Great.
In this way,
we'll take down Shaanxi soon.
But you still have to go back to Shaanxi
and get more military funds.
Military funds?
Can't we keep up with the supply of our army?
Yes.
The Communist Party at the back
has never stopped destroying
Our military supplies
to our military supplies.
If you can get more military funds
you can get more military funds for us,
to get more military funds.
Okay, I'll figure it out.
Let's go.
Nini, stop it.
Sister.
Don't come over. Don't come over.
It choked.
What kind of lame idea did the military doctor come up with?
If it goes on,
I can't stay here anymore.
You can get busy after listening to half a bit.
Military Doctor Shen said
before spraying the lime.
But there are no patients
in our fortress?
We had vaccines.
You've never been in a slope.
You don't know how powerful the plague is.
It doesn't mean it's fine forever.
Let's get some water.
Sister, when did you become so considerate?
Is it because of Young Master?
Yes, but...
But not exactly.
I hope I can be like him.
and do more things and help more people.
Help!
This kid is dying.
Be careful.
What happened?
This is Mr. He's son.
We took it back from the Japanese.
He's having a fever.
Let's take him inside.
Come on.
Nini, call Dr Shen.
OK.
Madam.
It’s windy.
Go back early.
Why are you here?
Master and Fei Fei are not here.
I was worried about the village.
so I looked around.
You’re so thoughtful.
I’m satisfied
to share your burden.
Yes.
You are the only ones
can rely on.
Master went to Black Tiger Mountain.
With you at home,
I feel at ease.
Madam.
I heard there’s a plague in Heihu Mountain.
I don't know what's going on now.
I'm worried about that too.
It happened all of a sudden.
Eagle and Wu Zhen are young.
That's why I asked the legal executive to suppress the formation.
We know each other well.
He can help at critical times.
It seems that Madam has made arrangements.
I’m relieved.
In this case,
I should go to Black Tiger Mountain
to comfort all of you.
But I can’t leave Qinglong Fortress.
The current fortress
the spy is still unknown.
has always been a big trouble to me.
I have a feeling.
they are waiting for a chance.
Once I leave Qinglong Camp,
they will make trouble.
The Black Tiger Mountain is having a plague.
His strength is already weak.
I don’t want anything to happen to Qinglong Fortress.
Madam.
You’re in charge of Qinglong Fortress.
As long as I am here,
no one can hurt you.
When Eagle and Wu Zhen
deal with the plague in Heihu Mountain,
I’ll discuss with them about the treachery.
Madam.
You are wise and decisive.
I’m not an ordinary man.
Not my father-in-law.
The more I look at my son-in-law, the more I like him.
I tried everything.
That punk.
He's definitely a talent.
No one can beat him
and brains.
In my life,
I've never seen people before.
Follow me.
Didn't we agree to split up?
Why did you suddenly enter the city?
We met
we met
Yang, the person in charge of Luoyang underground party.
He and his comrades risked their lives
for the safety of us and the vaccine.
Yang told me
some comrades are locked in the prison of Luoyang.
So I want to see if I can
to save them.
Come and see if there's a chance.
What are you thinking?
Saving people is not a trivial matter.
You have to listen to your superiors.
Aren't you my superior?
But in such a short time,
in such a short time.
Look at this.
what I can do.
Ms. Huo.
The Japanese have seen through your plan.
and now you killed the Japanese.
It's very dangerous.
You should leave Luoyang as soon as possible.
No, I can't leave.
I came here for you.
Besides,
I have to avenge my brother.
Let me put it this way.
No matter what you do,
count me in.
Ms. Huo, for the sake of safety,
we do need more people.
If Ms. Huo is willing to help,
that would be the best.
It's just that Ms. Huo has to suffer.
Listen to us.
No problem.
As long as you can kill the Japanese,
you are my boss.
How is it, Doctor Shen?
According to the symptoms,
he's also infected with the plague.
He needs quarantine treatment.
I saw him being brought into Luoyang City.
Did the kid inject him with bacteria?
What good would he have?
He probably wants to kill him.
Or you want him
to more Chinese.
If we didn't get the vaccine,
would we be infected too?
Doctor Shen, his symptoms
seems not that serious.
Can we save him?
I'll do my best.
Eagle.
Saving the child is very important.
But is Chen Hu who carried the child back
was infected with the plague too?
Mr. Chen, are you okay?
QinFo Ye Hideout and Qinglong Hideout
for so many years.
All these years,
we've been fighting each other.
Only this time
from Luoyang City,
I feel relieved.
If you don't mind,
we can fight the devil together.
Okay.
Our swordsmen have the same knife.
What happened to that kid?
He...
He should be fine.
Doctor Shen is treating him.
You should be fine too.
Who is it?
Just tell me.
I won't tell anyone.
Besides, who should I tell?
I'm so worried.
I'm coming. I won't ask you.
What are you doing here?
Don't be nervous. We're friends.
We're friends.
No.
Ms. Huo.
Sit.
What are you talking about?
The Japanese seems to be defeated.
I've found out.
Some comrades
were locked up in Songfung Bridge Prison.
In a few days,
they will do
like Yang.
But I have an idea.
Go to Songfung Bridge to pick him up.
We'll meet here when we're back.
Isn't it Japan?
Why do you need this coat?
Have you read Journey to the West?
Yes, I haven't.
This is Son Goku.
He's in the stomach of the Bull Demon.
No matter how hard we try, it's our trick.
By the way,
We saw the Japanese
we saw the Japanese leaving the city.
Did the Japanese do something big?
A Japanese team
will attack
at 2pm.
16 division.
That's Zhang Gong Yan's defense zone.
With his style,
he must be pretending to resist for a while.
and run away.
the people in Shaanxi will be in trouble.
Done.
Give it to me.
You know you can't save him.
He will still die.
I've seen too many lives
I just disappear like this.
I won't let you go
until the very end.
Under the order of General Kurokawa,
to take the people on the list.
and send them to the lab at Fengpo Ridge.
The person on the list is in prison.
But I don't understand.
The laboratory used to bring people up.
Why did you change the newbie this time?
The lab was destroyed.
It's being reconstructed.
So, General Kurokawa
to escort the prisoners.
Get up and take your medicine.
Slow down.
Military Doctor Shen said
you'll get better after taking the medicine.
I'm not taking it.
It's useless.
What are you talking about?
How do you know it's useless if you haven't eaten?
Don't be discouraged.
Here.
Slowly.
To be safe,
get ready.
I'll arrange for you to leave the city.
Our comrades in Shanzhou will be waiting for us outside the city.
I think
We don't have to retreat now.
This...
Do you have any idea?
The Japanese army
has launched an attack to the 16th Division.
With the strength of 16 Division,
Shanzhou's defense line is in danger.
If we can seize the opportunity in Luoyang,
and cut off the Japanese supply by surprise,
the Japanese won't have any power.
to attack Shanzhou.
Only when the warehouse land retreates Luoyang City,
You want to blow up the Japanese arsenal?
Yes.
Without weapons and ammunition,
the Japanese can't continue to attack.
It takes some time
it will take some time.
This can not only delay the Japanese's attack,
it can also strengthen the defense line to buy time.
This is good.
Great. Great.
This is a great plan.
It's been so long.
I'm going out to practice.
Well, I just
I just saved him.
Can we blow up the arsenal?
I just found out the location of the arsenal
and general situation.
I need to touch it again.
The number of people in the arsenal
and shift time.
As for the security and patrol time in the city,
you and Ms. Huo should check it out.
Let's do it this way.
It's not tiring to work together.
Not tired at work.
Let's get ready.
Okay.
This time,
thanks to Master Wu and Miss Leng.
got the vaccine
from the Japanese.
we survived.
Mr. He, we're entering the city soon.
Cui WenKui's independent Brigade
has been eyeing us.
We might be in trouble this time.
Guys, get your weapons ready.
What are you doing?
We're going to the city to purchase daily necessities,
not a war.
Put away your guns.
Although it's the duty of an independent Brigade to eliminate bandits,
I don't believe
Cui Wenkui will offend the swordsmen
before the enemy.
Father.
Slow down.
Don't fall down. Wait for me and mother.
Wait for us.
What are you doing here?
I heard
you are buying things for the fortress.
Mother and I are here to help.
We're not short of hands. Don't make trouble.
Go back to the fortress.
Ni is playful. Don't spoil her.
Let her be.
what if she can't find her in-laws?
Mother, father wronged me again.
It's okay. I can't find a husband.
I'll take care of her for the rest of my life.
How can you be such a father?
You always scold your daughter.
I asked her to come.
My idea.
Let her learn from you.
The plague in the fortress
Clothes, beddings,
furniture and tableware.
Half of them.
It needs to be replaced.
Only careful people can do this.
Just you men?
We women have to do this.
Right, Nini?
Min Ja is right.
Let Min Ja and Ni go together.
That's enough.
Let's go.
Let's go to the city.
Sit tight.
You too.
Yours. Go.
Hurry up.
Father, do I look good?
Be careful.
You don't look serious.
Thank you, Mother.
Be careful.
Mother, look over there.
Sorry.
It's the code name again.
This person hinted me many times
to do.
There are two machine guns in the arsenal.
They change shifts every hour.
All vehicles in and out
must be checked strictly.
People will be warned
they will be warned.
It’s heavily guarded.
I can hardly see the situation in the arsenal.
The arsenal is patrolling all day.
Every intersection
at every intersection.
Check the passers-by.
On the way to the arsenal,
the Military Police will patrol every half an hour.
If we can't finish the operation
in a very short time,
Once they're stopped by the Military Police,
they will immediately be surrounded by the Japanese.
It seems the mission is tough.
The harder it is, the more valuable it is.
Choosing a revolution
we don't care about life and death.
We are not afraid of sacrifice.
but sacrifice must be valuable.
You're right.
What we need to do
is to sneak into
sneak into the arsenal and detonate explosives.
In the remaining ten minutes,
the other team will come to help.
and quickly evacuate Luoyang City.
The key is how to get into the arsenal
without being discovered by the enemy.
This is a problem.
That's what I'm thinking about.
Let me say something.
You can't enter here or there.
Can't we just enter through the gate?
Ms. Huo, stop messing around.
No, I'm not.
I'm serious.
You can't get in here or there
You can get in through the door.
Do you think the kid is blind?
We are Monkey Sun.
You're right.
The Japanese are the Princess of Iron Fan.
What we need to do now
is to figure out
how to get into his stomach.
and make him have diarrhea.
Yes.
Ms. Huo is right.
Let's enter through the front door.
Master,
I just ordered some food in the warehouse.
It won't last long.
Master.
What?
I just ordered some food in the warehouse.
We can't hold on for long.
We have to find the rich to help the poor.
How about Old Ghost He?
His son has been taking care of us.
He should pay for it.
How much?
I'm here to write to him.
1,500 silver dollars.
I think so.
Actors.
and actors.
Su Tianhui, Yang Wanlin, Zhao Dongliang, Chen Yile, Wang Lusheng.
Li Shuo Yu Hongda Tian Guofeng Gong Fan Cheng Kaiyan.
Yuewang Yang Zi Yi Tian Chenzhe Deng Kaimei Liang Dong
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Liu Tong Wang and Liu Jiawen Sun Jing Wang Yukun
Confident.
Xu Fu and Wu Jianyu, Zhang Guangyan, Sun Yuanwen. Always.
Yang Tao, Chen Yao, and Rui Qian.
Liu Hongguo, Yang Chenglin.
Hao Wei Dragon Deng Bao Quan.
Zhao Jianhao, Li Xiaoyan.
Du Yiming, Chen Weigui, Wang Qinghua, Wang Qingyong Jo Min-gul.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Photography team.
Ho-geol.
Lighting Team.
Hello. Hello.
Wang Jin-sung.
Team B Costume Assistant Li Jinli Feng Xiaohui
The dressing team.
Art team.
The prop team.
Liu Guangqing.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
Fireworks Yao Jitao.
The firearm team.
Sun Hai.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Zhan Shun. Rong Xi.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Changchang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Seo Yeong-Jeon, Yang Soo-ri, Jin Jun-bong. Liu Fu Min.
Cut.
[Photography of Wu Xiaobo]
behind the scenes, Shin Bae-jin.
[Shin Bae-jin]
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
Recorder, Tian Jae-yi, Prince Gao.
A dubber.
Music production.
Arrangement.
Theme song, Hero.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
The Steel Jade Association in Shanzhou District
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District.
[Sanmen Mingu Pu Theatre]
The Civilian Committee of Lingbao City
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
Jiangzhou City, Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Legal consultant Zhu Yongpeng.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong County Commission.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
Sanmen Lanhu City Wetland Park.
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Southern Provincial Film Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
[Qianzhou Cultural Development Co., Ltd.]
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
I'll reward Zhang Bing first.